c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.dll
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\elliott.green\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
